Fix Enum Cyclic Ref (#12617)
nvaccess/nvda: devDocs/unreachableObjects.md

# Garbage collection errors
NVDA's `garbageHandler.py` monitors Python's cyclic garbage collector and reports
on objects that are unreachable.
Cyclic references are typically a symptom of bad design, and can cause major problems for certain objects.

> For instance, cyclic references can cause deadlocks for UIA objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, cyclic references involving COM objects may cause a deadlock if the garbage collector happens to break the cycle and release the COM object in the wrong thread.
```

## How to know about a cyclic reference?
The log may contain errors like the following.
```
WARNING - garbageHandler.notifyObjectDeletion (10:45:23.171) - MainThread (21820):
Garbage collector has found one or more unreachable objects. See further warnings for specific objects.
...
WARNING - garbageHandler.notifyObjectDeletion (10:45:23.171) - MainThread (21820):
Deleting unreachable object <eventHandler._EventExecuter object at 0x1AC15350>
ERROR - garbageHandler._collectionCallback (10:45:23.172) - MainThread (21820):
Found at least 1 unreachable objects in run
```

## How to debug a cyclic reference?

Once you can reliably reproduce the log error, you can tell the garbage collector to save all unreachable objects.
After an unreachable object is detected the references to the unreachable object can be inspected via the python console.
Inspecting this should give you a fair idea of where the issue is occurring.

> 1. Open the NVDA console `NVDA+control+z`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the NVDA Python console `NVDA+control+z`
```
